---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---

Hello! My name is Weston Selleck. I'm a senior CS major graduating this May. After I graduate I'm going to work full-time at Atlassian here in Austin, where I'm currently an intern. Outside of school I like following the NFL and NBA, playing Counter Strike, and keeping up with programming news/articles/blogs/etc.

### What did I do this past week?
I spent a good hour or two trying to get a decent Python environment on my personal computer. I had Python3.5 installed via Homebrew, but for some resaon I could not get pip to install the correct version of coverage. I ended up uninstalling every python distribution I had previously installed, and installed 3.5 via [pyenv](https://github.com/yyuu/pyenv). This solved pretty much every problem I had, except that `coverage-3.5` is giving me some error about `python3.5` not existing in `/opt/some/path/I/forgot`. But it still runs the tests fine so I'm just going to ignore it for now. Besides that I just did some of the setup for the project; getting the repo set up, running the unit tests, etc.

### What's in your way?
Well that `coverage-3.5` error is still bugging me, but I guess it's not in my way (as far as I know). I previously took CS371p with Downing, which has a very similar course structure to this class, so I think I have at least a decent idea of the kind of workload to expect. What's in my way right now is understanding the output of all of the `make` commands and getting a good workflow going for the project.

### What will you do next week?
I _hope_ to get close to finishing the project this week so I don't have to worry about it next week. I'm only taking 9 hours this semester, 3 of which I'm taking Pass/Fail mostly for fun, so most of my effort for school will be on this class.

Overall I'm pretty excited about this class since it's so programming intensive, especially since some of it is web focused.

### Tip of the Week
I'll go with [pyenv](https://github.com/yyuu/pyenv). Python installations can get really confusing with all of the different `python-*`, `pip-*`, `insertlibraryhere-*` commands floating around, and pyenv definitely helped me simplify all of that.
