---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

### What did I do this past week?
I have a tendency to not let things go that are bothering me, so I spent at least another two hours this week trying to figure out all of the Python setup stuff on my local computer. Even though I had installed all of the tools using `pyenv` and they were included first in my $PATH, they were still giving me errors when they couldn't find a Python3 program in `/opt/something/`. I still don't really get what's going on, but deleting all of the python commands in my `/usr/local/bin` folder basically fixed all of this for me. I think there may have just been some stuff left behind from my Homebrew installations of python that I have since deleted.

Other than that, I just did a little work on Collatz and the readings for class.

### What's in your way?
Nothing in particular, just pushing through and finishing up Project 1.

### What will you do next week?
Finish up Collatz and review the object/type stuff that was talked about in class. I've also been doing a lot of unit testing at work so I think I'm going to look for a good book on it and start reading.

Sometimes writing unit tests gets to a point where I start thinking "at what point am I just testing that the language itself works?" Like for instance say you have this function.

```javascript
function f(b : function, x: bool) {
    if(x) {
        b()
    }
}

it('should call b when x is truthy', () => {
    f(myFunction, true);
    expect(myFunction).to.have.been.called()
})
```

This is a pretty common unit testing case, making sure a certain callback is called under certain conditions. Whenever I write a test like this, I feel kind of stupid because if you just look at the function and assume that Javascript works correctly, you know that it works. It's stuff like this that I'm hoping a book on unit testing will help me wrap my head around, because right now it kind of seems like writing tests for the sake of better coverage.

###  Tip of the Week
If you use zsh as your shell, [zplug](https://github.com/zplug/zplug) is a great plugin manager for it. It's a lot more organized than using the much-more-popular oh-my-zsh project.
