---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---

### What did I do this past week?
This week was the first exam for this class. I completely blanked on some of the reading questions, but overall I think the test was very fair and about what I expected. I've also been working on a personal project just for fun for creating simple, templated websites using data from something like a Google Spreadsheet. I've been working on it on and off since the summer, but have just recently been putting in at least a couple hours each day on it and hope to have it done by the end of the semester.

### What's in your way?
I'll have to start looking for partners for the project soon, but other than that nothing really. I've been trying to keep better track of all of my tasks using [dynalist](https://dynalist.io/) and haven't been doing a good job so far, so that's something I'm trying to improve.

### What will you do next week?
Hopefully I'll find a group to work with by the end of the week. If the project is released I'll look over it and possibly get started on it depending on my group's schedule. I'm also going to hopefully put a lot more work into my personal project I talked about before since I'm very eager to actually complete one of my side projects.

###  Tip of the Week
At some point I talked about monorepos here. I've turned my personal project into a monorepo recently both as a learning exercise and because I think it's actaully a decent fit for my project. I've been using [lerna](https://github.com/lerna/lerna) to make symlinking (and eventually publishing) all of my packages easier.

Have a good week!
