---
layout: post
title: Week 12
---

### What did I do this past week?
This week my group and I finished the last project. Everything went pretty smoothly I think and we turned it in on time. One thing kind of strange did happen, though, when the logos for our news organizations just stopped working out of nowhere. To try to figure out why, I first opened up the Chrome dev console to make sure nothing was wrong with the image tags, maybe there was some syntax problem or the image sources weren't being rendered into the template correctly or something like that. Everything looked fine, though, so I copied the image source into the URL bar and discovered that the links were dead. I thought maybe the API we were using was just having server issues, but it actually turned out that between the time that we started the project a couple months ago and now, the news API we were using deperecated the organization logo feature of their API. So the links to where the logos used to be were still in our database, but nothing existed at them anymore. We discovered this just a day or so before the due date which was...unfortunate, but we did learn a valuable lesson. 

### What's in your way?
My motivation to do anything other than sleep is really detioriating since graduation is so close. Other than that nothing really, I should probably start eating healthier.

### What will you do next week?
I'll probably start studying for the next test for this class and my Geology exam. 

### Tip of the Week
I've recently discovered that a cut up avocado with rice, strawberries, tuna, and whatever else you like makes for a good and decently healthy dinner. Plus, cutting up the avocado can be really fun. And for something programming related, [this article](https://www.ssh.com/ssh/port) about how SSH got assigned Port 22 is pretty interesting. 
