---
layout: post
title: Week 10
---

### What did I do this past week?
This week I looked over the last project, but other than that not much with this class, besides the normal going to class. I completely forgot about a requirement for one of my classes where you have to take a bunch of different survey's by April 21, so I was scrambling to get that figured out this week.

I've been trying to pick a new programming language to sort of dedicate my non-work learning to. I do almost all of my work at my job in Javascript, so I wanted to make sure I keep up with a language that is more of the Java/C#/C++ type so that I don't pigeonhole myself too much into Javascript development. I pretty much immediately ruled out Java, C#, and C++, not for any real reason, just because I think it'd be fun to pick a newer language where the community is still young. I ended up deciding between Go and Rust, and in the end decided on Rust. Rust has a level of complexity that no other language I've tried has, and I think learning it really well will help me learn more than I would if I got really good at Go. So this past week I read The Rust Programming Language and started trying to implement my personal project in it.

### What will you do next week?
My group and I have to finish the last project. I don't really have any experience implementing a search functionality, so I'm looking forward to learning that. I'm also going to get my car inspected.

### Tip of the Week
Even if you have no intention of using it, I'd suggest reading parts of The Rust Programming Language, especially the parts on Ownership, Borrowing, References, and Lifetimes. Working with mostly scripting languages recently made me forget about some of the complexities that exist with programming, and I learned a lot from those sections of the book.
