---
layout: post
title: Week  4
---

### What did I do this past week?
This week I started the Netflix project. I didn't get as far as I was hoping to, but I'm going to spend a bunch of time today working on it so hopefully I don't have much to do during the week.

### What's in your way?
Most of the Netflix project. So far I've mostly just copied the files, changed all of the Collatz's to Netflix's, stuff like that. Since, unlike Collatz, test cases are comprised of multiple lines, netflix_read was a bit more difficult to write than collatz_read and took more time than I was expecting. I tried to get fancy with my tests cases and use a Python multiline string instead of something like "1:\n2\n3\n4:", but that caused a lot more trouble than it was worth. I _think_ I got all of the netflix_read stuff figured out last night, so next I guess I have to do netflix_eval.

### What will you do next week?
Hopefully not a lot since I'm going to try my best to finish most of the project tonight. But in the very likely scenario that I don't, that's what I'll be doing next week.

###  Tip of the Week
I've spent an embarassing amount of time this past week getting a better dotfile and vim setup going. I ended up going with [this](https://github.com/anishathalye/dotbot) Python program that helps run shell scripts and symlink files. Now I can just run one command and have my machine setup just the way I want it, and can update this repo at home or work and then just run the command again on the other computer to keep it up to date. One problem I came across that this program doesn't help me solve is only installing some programs under certain conditions. For example, I wanted to only install Skype on my personal computer and not my work computer. For now I have a (very bad) shell script that works well enough, but I might try to find some time this week to contribute this feature to a Dotbot homebrew plugin that already exists. If anyone is curious or wants to see how to get a similar setup, my dotfiles are [here](https://github.com/wwselleck/dotfiles/).
