---
layout: post
title: Week 13
---

### What did I do this past week?
This week we did our presentations for the project and for the extra credit. I think most of us were pretty shy and/or nervous about public speaking, but I think they both went pretty well.

### What's in your way?
I have this exam, my third geology exam, a Human Sexuality exam, and my geology final before I get to graduate. So passing all of those is all that's in my way really. I feel pretty good about the upcoming exam for this class, so hopefully I won't have to spend toooo much time studying for it this week. 

Besides that, I'm still (somewhat) learning Rust. I say somewhat because my learning time is being taken away by 

1. Having little motivation since I'm about to graduate and instead spending a lot of time playing video games, watching basketball, and generally just lying around on the internet. 

2. When I do finally get myself to sit down and work on something Rust-y, I can never settle on which project I want to go with. I have a bunch of different project ideas I want to do with unique benefits for each of them, and I can never settle on which one to focus on. I really need to learn to just pick one and go with it.


### What will you do next week?
Study for all of my exams, take them, and hopefully pass.

### Tip of the Week
I've been using Tmux for awhile for handling shell sessions, but I've always felt it was weird to have to memorize so many different commands to do the same thing in different applications. For example in Vim I can split a pane in half vertically by doing `:sp`, but in Tmux the same is done using `<C-B>%`. I'm sure there are ways to get Tmux to behave in a somewhat-similar way, but I've always wished I could just do terminal emulation inside of Vim. [Neovim](https://neovim.io/), a Vim fork, has terminal emulation built into it. I've been using it for the past week instead of Tmux and it's been working great.
