---
layout: post
title: Week 9
---

### What did I do this past week?
This week I started work on the next part of the project. I haven't found anything much to comment on like last week, but I did find something relating to what I talked about last week, modularity in Flask. It turns out that the `app` Flask object has methods like `add_url_rule` that allow you to register routes similar to how I described it's done in Nodejs/Express. So instead of

```python
@app.route('/')
def index():
    pass
```

you would do

```python
def index():
    pass
app.add_url_rule('/', 'index', index)
```

To me, this is infitely better than the decorator example. The decorator version might look nicer, but to me there are a few downsides.

1. You're tying an instance of the Flask app to the route handler. To me this makes reasoning about the function more difficult, and ties you to only having once instance of the app without having to jump through some hoops.

2. If you want any sort of order to the routes you're defining, you'll have to have a nice folder structure so that devs know exactly where to look to find certain route handlers. And even if you do have a nice folder structure for all of your routes/blueprints, the existence of it doesn't necessarily tell a developer anything. The folder structure might be how you _want_ to API to look, but it's existence doesn't mean anything. It takes just once developer defining a route that doesn't fit with the folder structure to screw the entire thing up. On the other hand, if along with creating the instance of the flask app you initialize all of the routes, you have one clear place to look to see what routes are defined, and what functions are used to handle them.

```python
app.add_url_rule('/', index)
app.add_url_rule('/users', users)
app.add_url_rule('/api/auth')
```
Now you can read this and know exactly how the routing tree of your app is defined without having to comb through a bunch of different files.

### What will you do next week?
Finish up the rest of Project 4.

As for the class, so far I've really enjoyed it. I've had quite a bit of web development experience beforehand, but I'm still learning a lot, especially with the back-end side of things.

###  Tip of the Week
I started getting very confused on the details of a good REST API, specifically with how you handle nested references to other resources. [This article](https://stormpath.com/blog/linking-and-resource-expansion-rest-api-tips) really helped me with understanding how these things are dealt with.



Have a good week!
