---
layout: post
title: Week 5
---

### What did I do this past week?
This week I finished up the Netflix project. As I expected, it took me a bit longer than the Collatz project. The hardest part for me was deciding whether to use someone elses' cache, or to make my own, and if I made my own how exactly to go about it. I started by translating all of the Collatz files to fit the Netflix project, keeping in mind that I wanted to be able to swap out different caches easily. Once I did that and wrote my cache loading function, I played around with a bunch of the other caches available. From the readings provided with the project, I had a general idea of what kind of technique to use to get a good RMSE, so I went through and applied that technique using a few of the caches that appeared to be doing the same thing. A few of them did get me a decent RMSE, but in the end I decided to make my own cache.

I made a separate script to make my cache that utilized the cache loading function from my Netfliy.py. The cache I ended up coming up with is a dictionary of {(customer int, movie int): offset float}, so you can simply index the customerid and movieid into the dictionary and apply the given offset to the average score for that movie.

The other thing that tripped me up was that, after getting pretty much everything done, my TravisCI build was failing on make TestNetflix.tmp. Running it on the lab computers worked just fine, and after confirming that all of the python/pydoc/etc versions were correct on the CI I tried to think of any reason why the CI build would differ from my local build. It took me awhile, but eventually I thought that maybe the HTTP requests required to fetch the fairly large caches from the UTCS servers was causing TravisCI to time out. I removed all of the tests for my cache loading function, and everything was fixed.

###  Tip of the Week
I've recently become aware of and interested in the idea of monorepos. The idea is that instead of spreading all of your project's components across multiple repos, they all live in one repo that has tools and scripts to manage the testing and release of each package. Some large open source projects use monorepos, like React and Babel. Massive companies like Facebook and Google do as well, but I'm sure their use case is a bit different than for using a monorepo for just one project. There are a ton of articles on the subject, but here's just [one](http://danluu.com/monorepo/) to get started with.

Have a good week!
