---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

### What did I do this past week?
This week (like pretty much everyone else) I finished up the Collatz project. Everything went fairly smoothly, with the only major hangup being not able to figure out why my solution was getting the "Time Exceeded" error on Sphere. After spending some time and confirming that my cache was working as expected and I wasn't missing any obvious optimizations, I figured out that a certain Python function I was using was slowing down my program. It wasn't even anything particularly fancy like a list comprehension or lambda or anything like that, just a pretty standard function from the math library. Once I took out the use of that function and replaced it with "manual" code to do the same thing, my solution was accepted by Sphere. I find it very hard to believe that just one extra call to a O(1) function would be the difference between being consistently rejected or accepted by Sphere, but it appears that was the case.But other than that, the project wasn't too bad.

### What's in your way?
Now that the project is over, not much. I have to read some chapters before class on Tuesday, but that's about it.

### What will you do next week?
If I remember correctly, the next project is due a week from this Thursday, so I'm probably going to start on it this week.

###  Tip of the Week
For anyone interested in React or web development in general, I've been reading [this book](https://leanpub.com/survivejs-react) on React and it's been pretty helpful so far. I have some experience with React, but really wanted to become more comfortable with it, and so far this book has been great.
