---
layout: post
title: Week 6
---

### What did I do this past week?
I had two tests last week so most of my week was spent preparing for those.

### What's in your way?
Mostly just studying for the exam since there's no project assigned right now.

### What will you do next week?
Study for the test and take a look at the next project if it's assigned.

Since there isn't a whole lot to talk about this week, I'll just give some of my thoughts on the class so far. The most interesting part for me so far has definitely been the lectures and specifically learning some of the smaller details of Python. I've used Python quite a bit at work and for some personal projects, but never really took the time to learn about the Type/Object stuff, or the details of generators, or iterators. Aside from that, the projects have been interesting, but also quite a bit of work and very frustating at times. But I guess that's intentional, and at least debugging Python problems is a lot easier (at least to me) than C++ which was used for similar projects in Object-Oriented Programming. I'm really looking forward to the next three projects since web development is what I'm best at and what I'm most interested in right now.

###  Tip of the Week
I've done a bit of shell scripting, but most of that involved copying and pasting things I found on StackOverflow and just hoping it works. One of my developer goals for the year is to become more comfortable with the shell, so I've been reading [this tutorial/book/whatever you want to call it](http://mywiki.wooledge.org/BashGuide/).

Have a good week!
