---
layout: post
title: Week 8
---

### What did I do this past week?
This past week my group started and finished Project 3. I mostly worked on the Flask and SQLAlchemy parts of the project, which I had a little but not a lot of experience with beforehand. I'm not going to make any definitive criticisms about something I've worked with for less than a week, but it seems to me that Flask (and the flask-sqlalchemy package) makes modularity strangely difficult and second-class. The official getting started tutorial for Flask shows creating and application like this

```python
from flask import Flask

app = Flask()

@app.route('/')
def index():
    pass
```

What seems strange about this to me is that the route handler is directly bound to an instance of a Flask app. So not only is there a tight coupling between the application instance and the handler, but you need to have the instance available at the time of the route's definition. Compare this to something like Node/Express

```javascript
const express = require('express')

const app = express()

function indexHandler(req, res){
    ...
}

app.get('/', indexHandler)
```

Here, the request handler definition has nothing to do with an instance of the express app, and the express app simply registers handlers onto itself. Now, you can easily define your request handlers in different files/modules, and require them when you want to register them in your app.

```javascript
const express = require('express')
const { indexHandler } = require('./routes/index')

app = express()
app.get('/', indexHandler)
```

Flask accomplishes similar functionaly using Blueprints. They look something like this.

```python
from flask import Blueprint, Flask

blueprint = Blueprint()

@blueprint.route('/')
def index():
    pass

app = flask()
app.registerBlueprint(blueprint)
```

So now the route is still bound to an instance of something, but this object can be passed to a Flask app to register some functionality onto it. In my humble opinion, it seems strange that most of the official Flask tutorials I've looked through have made no mention of this feature, and I had to specifically seek it out to discover it. The flask-sqlalchemy package has a similarly strange coupling between the instance of the app and the SQLAlchemy models. Again, I'm not making any definitive criticisms about Flask. For all I know this might just one of those "Do it the Python way" things that I just don't get because I haven't done a ton of Python work outside of this class.


### What will you do next week?
Start work on Project 4.

###  Tip of the Week
Going along with what I talked about with Flask and modularity, [this StackOverflow answer](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/9692962/flask-sqlalchemy-import-context-issue/9695045#9695045). There's a bit more annoying stuff to it than just that (contexts), but that answer gets to the general idea.

Have a good week!
