---
layout: post
title: Week 10
---

### What did I do this past week?
This week my group and I finished up Project 4. I thought the most interesting part of this project was thinking about the design of the API, specifically with dealing with sub-resources. For example, our three models are News Articles, News Organizations, and Countries. A News Article can have one source, and one or more countries. So when you go to `/articles` and the app makes a request to `/api/articles`, what information can you expect back? You could send along with the basic information (name, date, etc.) all of the article's countries and its source, but that could be a lot of extra data. What if the article has an assocation with 200 countries? The `/articles` page doesn't need any of this information and can really slow down network transmission time for the resource. 

The solution I ended up deciding on (and ultimately not using for reasons I'll talk about later) was an `?expand=` query parameter. So if you wanted to request all articles and also get their source information, you would call `/articles?expand=source`. This would return something like

```json
{
  name: "lkajsldk",
  ...,
  source: {
    name: "alksdjf",
    ...
  },
  countries: [...list of IDs]
}
```

We implemented this and it worked well enough at first, but when it came time to actually use it, the extra serialization of the models from SQLAlchemy models to JSON made some of the endpoints take a few seconds to long to resolve. I'm sure I was just missing something stupid, but we ended up not needing that feature anyway. But it was still interesting figuring out how that problem would be solved. 

### What's in your way?
Nothing at the moment, my girlfriend and Mom are making me take graduation pictures which is going to not be fun.

### What will you do next week?
I'm trying to start on a new side project soon and have decided on using Rust for it, mostly to keep up my knowledge of statically typed languages while I do most of work-work in Javascript. So I'm going to try to start learning that this week.

### Tip of the Week
I started feeling sick over last weekend and my brother suggested I drink a glass of [emergen-c](http://www.emergenc.com/) to stop myself from getting super-sick. I had to miss a class because of it, but it was mostly gone within a couple days.
